# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  [gap of 22ms]
  create-invalidation-state 33ms
  [gap of 22ms]
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 77ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  create-invalidation-state 17ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 31ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  [gap of 10ms]
  create-invalidation-state 21ms
  [gap of 10ms]
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 41ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  [gap of 10ms]
  create-invalidation-state 20ms
  [gap of 10ms]
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 40ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  [gap of 10ms]
  create-invalidation-state 26ms
  [gap of 11ms]
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 47ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  create-invalidation-state 17ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 33ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  create-invalidation-state 16ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 34ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  create-invalidation-state 16ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 31ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  create-invalidation-state 18ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 36ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  create-invalidation-state 16ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 31ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  create-invalidation-state 16ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 32ms

# C/C++ build system timings
generate_cxx_metadata
  [gap of 10ms]
  create-invalidation-state 19ms
generate_cxx_metadata completed in 38ms

