# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 13ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 14ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 13ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 14ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 23ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 24ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 21ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 22ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 20ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 21ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 22ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 23ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 17ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 18ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 22ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 23ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 21ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 22ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 14ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 15ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 15ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 16ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 31ms
    [gap of 12ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 48ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 49ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 16ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 17ms

