# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 10ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 12ms
    [gap of 15ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 44ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 55ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 13ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    [gap of 21ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 58ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 70ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 12ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 12ms
    [gap of 15ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 45ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 52ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 12ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    [gap of 22ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 47ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 55ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 13ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 14ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 12ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    [gap of 17ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 42ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 53ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 15ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 16ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 11ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 11ms
    [gap of 14ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 36ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 43ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 12ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 12ms
    [gap of 23ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 47ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 57ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 13ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 14ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 14ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    [gap of 20ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 59ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 71ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 10ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    [gap of 22ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 55ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 66ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 16ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    [gap of 23ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 55ms
  [gap of 11ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 69ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 16ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    [gap of 23ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 55ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 65ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 13ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 17ms
    [gap of 33ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 72ms
  [gap of 11ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 86ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 12ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 46ms
    create-X86_64-model 16ms
    [gap of 16ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 105ms
  [gap of 24ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 132ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 10ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 17ms
    [gap of 28ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 62ms
  [gap of 11ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 77ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 12ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 17ms
    [gap of 25ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 62ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 75ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 10ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 15ms
    [gap of 20ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 52ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 63ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 10ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    [gap of 21ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 54ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 66ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 10ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    [gap of 23ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 55ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 66ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 13ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 18ms
    [gap of 26ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 65ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 78ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 12ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 19ms
    [gap of 23ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 62ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 75ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 10ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 17ms
    [gap of 21ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 55ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 65ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 11ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 18ms
    [gap of 24ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 60ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 73ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 24ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 27ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 10ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    [gap of 20ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 53ms
  [gap of 12ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 68ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 13ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 20ms
    [gap of 33ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 73ms
  [gap of 12ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 90ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 11ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 19ms
    [gap of 23ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 59ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 70ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 10ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    [gap of 17ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 47ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 56ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 10ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    [gap of 15ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 44ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 55ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 11ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 14ms
    [gap of 17ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 49ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 60ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 17ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 30ms
    [gap of 23ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 78ms
  [gap of 11ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 93ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 15ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 15ms
    [gap of 24ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 54ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 65ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 12ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 17ms
    [gap of 21ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 58ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 71ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 16ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 15ms
    [gap of 25ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 56ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 67ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 14ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    [gap of 18ms]
    create-X86-model 11ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 73ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 85ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 16ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 17ms
    [gap of 23ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 56ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 67ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 12ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    [gap of 22ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 57ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 70ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 16ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 18ms
    [gap of 22ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 63ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 77ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 15ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 17ms
    [gap of 24ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 65ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 79ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 10ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    [gap of 15ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 43ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 55ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 11ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 16ms
    [gap of 18ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 51ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 65ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 11ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 11ms
    [gap of 14ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 41ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 51ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 12ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 12ms
    [gap of 16ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 40ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 49ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 11ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    [gap of 16ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 45ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 54ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 12ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 11ms
    [gap of 19ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 42ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 49ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 10ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 12ms
    [gap of 16ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 44ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 56ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 14ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 14ms
    [gap of 18ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 46ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 57ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 13ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 11ms
    [gap of 18ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 42ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 51ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 13ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    [gap of 17ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 43ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 53ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 12ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 12ms
    [gap of 16ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 40ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 48ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 12ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 12ms
    [gap of 17ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 48ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 57ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 12ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 11ms
    [gap of 18ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 41ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 51ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 14ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    [gap of 17ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 50ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 64ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 11ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 14ms
    [gap of 16ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 47ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 57ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 11ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 15ms
    [gap of 19ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 51ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 62ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 13ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 12ms
    [gap of 22ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 47ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 56ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 11ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    [gap of 17ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 48ms
  [gap of 11ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 62ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 10ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    [gap of 16ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 46ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 56ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 10ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 12ms
    [gap of 18ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 46ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 56ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 13ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 13ms
    [gap of 18ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 44ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 53ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 14ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 14ms
    [gap of 17ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 51ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 63ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 15ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 16ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 12ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 14ms
    [gap of 17ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 49ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 61ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 14ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 15ms
    [gap of 17ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 54ms
  [gap of 11ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 69ms

